hi guys welcome back to my channel
today's video is my favorite lip
products from the Dollar Tree I have
teamed up with some other ladies to do a
collaboration from the Facebook Berg and
we are going to be showing you different
makeup looks and things makeup related
from the Dollar Tree that we're loving
now we all know that the Dollar Tree can
be hit or miss I'm going to show you
products but I have brought that I have
loved and are using on a regular basis
I'm going to show you different
combinations that I've used and just
some of my favorite things and also
check in the description box below to
check out these ladies here I'll be
showing you guys each of their channels
there's three different ladies that are
doing makeup looks so be sure to check
them out and give them a big ol thumbs
up so if you guys once you see the lip
products that I've been loving just keep
watching so we're gonna start what is on
my lips right now my number one thing
that I love from the Dollar Tree are the
Milani lip liners I found these I
brought a few of them and I love them
and I've used them almost everyday this
one is in 0-7 Brandi and I have this
around my lips and I am using this
Physicians Formula I shadow that I was
not too impressed with I am using this
as my lip color it is really nice to be
able to use eye shadow that you can't
normally wear on your eyes on your lips
because when you put them on your lips
they become somewhat more pigmented than
they would on your eyes to use an eye
shadow as a lip color all you want to do
is just get some on your finger adapt
dab it on your finger and then you're
going to want to apply a lip gloss it
could be a color it could be clear
depending on whatever you want over top
of it
if you want to make one of your
lipsticks matte all you have to do is
apply an eyeshadow over top of the
lipstick and it's going to map out any
shimmer or shine that is in that
lipstick and that is what I have on my
lips right now I think that looks really
good it's definitely a fallish color so
maybe for summer it wouldn't be the best
but it is something that I like to wear
I would definitely recommend trying to
use an eyeshadow that you don't use as a
lip gloss or lipstick so the next three
products I've talked about so many times
and these are the LA colors chunky lip
retractable pencils and this is like a
lip crayon you're so pigmented
funny how pigmented they are I think
that this quarterly color is the perfect
summer color it is like hot it's like a
red but it's not super fire-engine red
it's more on the coral side of red and I
like to stick with those type of Reds in
the summer so this is the perfect
corally red color for summer if you want
to give them a try they're super
moisturizing so they make your lips feel
moisturize but they don't last that long
so if you want a long-lasting lip color
and this is not going to be you are
going to have to reapply this but it
just is like a great amount of color and
I really really like these so another
lip combination that I love and I'm
obsessed with is the Milani lip pencil
in cocoa and this is number 10 and it is
just a brownish color and it looks
really Brown but if you use it lightly
it'll be the perfect nude combination so
I like to use this lip liner with my
chunky lip pencil and then I will apply
this NYC lip gloss over top of it and
this is in New York City number 582 and
this is just perfect it is a beautiful
nude color it adds a nice shimmer and
it's also like a brownish tone so it's
just perfect if you want a nice pinkish
Brown a pinkish Brown nude lip and then
this one is definitely a fall color but
it is just this dark darker red color
which is really nice too so these are
those chunky lip pencils that I love and
I'm obsessed with them so the last
product that I want to talk about
I recently call it and it is the Milani
lip flash lip pencils and this one is a
zero for photo flash and I just think
this color is the most perfect red it
reminds me of like ruby slippers like
glass slippers ruby red slippers from my
Dorothy because it is red but it also
has a lot of shimmer to it and these are
just perfect and beautiful but this one
is my favorite one out of them all I
think it gives the best color payoff and
it is just a super nice color if you
want to pick any of these up I would I
don't think they're all okay but this
one was definitely my favorite one so
the last product that I want to talk
about are these chapped eye
dazzling dupe type things I think that
these are perfect for sticking in your
bag I've heard tons of positive reviews
Auto so you see them in yours everybody
likes them in cocoa butter - this one is
in Rosie I would highly recommend
picking this up and giving them a try
because if you're looking for something
just to stick in your bag and hydrate
your lips this is definitely going to be
it so that is all of my recommendations
for lip products I hope that you guys
enjoyed this video if you did be sure to
give it a thumbs up we are going to kick
our hidden word from the last Dollar
Tree haul so I picked Melissa kitchens
and she said who knew that a new Dollar
Tree would be something I could tour by
watching one of my favorite channels was
Sarah I'm sure you'll get a lot of u-sub
use from this video thanks for taking us
with you to your new Dollar Tree and new
was the hidden word and that video
wasn't very popular but I'm glad that I
could take you guys with me because I'm
obsessed with seeing inside other
people's stores
Thank You Melissa she does not make
videos but she's super supportive and
really really sweet she's always leaving
comments and leaving comments in the
Facebook group so thank you so much for
leaving the hidden word watching all the
way to the end the hidden word for this
video is going to be fun at you and fun
so yeah leave that word in the comments
down below and I will pick one person
and feature their video in my next video
or my next Dollar Tree related video
thank you so much for watching guys I
just want to remind you to go check out
those other awesome ladies who are also
doing makeup related videos I will have
all of the links in the description box
below check them out they are all
amazing they are all friends of mine and
part of the Dollar Tree perk if you guys
want to be a part of the Dollar Tree
group check the description box below I
always have a link down there you can
follow me on instagram Facebook or
Twitter or I are on all of them if you
aren't subscribed to my channel please
hit that subscribe button because it'll
make me happy and I will see you guys in
my next video bye guys